---
layout: post
title:  "Don't Call My Hard Work Luck"
date:   2015-07-28
comments: true
categories: jekyll
---

Don’t call my hard work “luck”
“I’m a great believer in luck and I find that the harder I work, the luckier I am”

This was a quote my AP World History teacher often said to use during the course. I love luck myself; whether I win a class raffle or I get two sodas from a vending machine after only paying for one. Though, I never really thought that the concept of luck an ever be a bad thing.

It was last November, when I got invited to attend the Made with Code celebration in Washington DC. When I announced the (amazing) news, a lot of people congratulated me by telling me I’m lucky, while only two people told me that it was something I earned. This “You’re so lucky” comment came from family, close friends, and teachers.

I thought to myself, was this luck? I felt as though it was something I earned because I worked extremely hard to host the Made with Code event and my hard work paid off when 70 (50 girls) of the 500 students attended my event.

Despite this, people said I was lucky as if Google randomly chose my name from a hat. When, in reality, I was one of nine students nationwide invited by Google to attend an all paid trip to Washington DC and selected to speak about my story with code at the Women in High Tech Coalition in the House of Representatives.

I thought this would stop after I attended the DC trip was over, but I see it continuing to happen with college acceptances/rejections as well. People try to use affirmative action and luck as an excuse for someone getting accepted into college, as if their hard work over four years wasn’t the actual reason.

Even something as simple as a class activity, where I, a non-native Spanish speaker, got a higher score than a majority of students, who are native Spanish speakers. After the teacher congratulated me, a classmate claimed it was because I was lucky and just happened to study the terms on the quiz, when I studied everything.

This frustrates me because in these specific situations, it seems as though my success was due to me having “luck” rather than to my hard work.

So, unless the situation was a random sweepstakes, where everyone had an equal chance, I say that everyone’s prizes, acceptances, or successes are earned because of their hard work, not because of luck.